hello friends welcome to my channel today
I'm going to teach you how to make chicken type
kfc the chicken is crispy what we are going to
need is cumin garlic ginger milk
black pepper salt flour to coat or
it can be any flour although a lot
better is the oil coating flour
pieces of chicken that's pretty much for
7 pieces milk here I have beaten an egg
ok so we also add to the
milk egg and flour that I said
before
As I said before, here we have
whipped the milk with the egg
then we will add cumin
we add garlic too
and ginger
all black pepper spices
yes, the salt is to taste
the spices
everyone
and we add the pieces of chicken
and that we should let him act act
for about two hours so that it
concentrate or one hour is fine
friends as you see I have made several
cuts the chicken with the knife so that
the taste is impregnated I have worked in
the one that exists but not as you have seen
they do not have cuts or anything but to me
I like that the bone flavor has more flavor
the chicken so I 'm happy to
your
the fryer we have put to heat
in average temperature for the chicken
the first thing is to do it
The first thing we are going to do is
Flour it
all the pieces
when we have finished flouring
we return to do the same procedure
we wet it with milk and
we do not imagine again that's why it's the
so crispy chicken
is a thick layer and hence when
be tied to the fryer
and so on with everything
I'm going to teach you a trick so that
flour is peeled off the chicken
we should squeeze it and so the flour will
is left or is going to stay the chicken more
Crunchy because it sticks a lot to the chicken
you see
wears a thicker layer
friends the cooking time has been
about 15 minutes and I at the plate
decorated like this and you companies
with what you want, I do not expect you
I liked my recipe and you know how to give it
the and subscribe we see you until the
next